Hi within this lecture we are going to learn a concept called predicates and we will use this to filter
out the results that we are getting from the car data.
For example in our view controller we have just gotten a read data on the core data and just printed
out the names on the table to you.
But in here rather than getting only the names and the ideas I will just get everything related to one
single item.
So let me delete all of this and start from scratch.
I'm going to of course create the app delegate one more time.
So this will be UI application dot shared dot delegate.
OK so delegates.
Yes I'm going to first cast is the app delegate and then I'm going to create my context as usual so
my contacts will be app delegate dot persistent container dot our we'll contact star we have context.
Yes.
So this one and I'm I'm going to create a flash request as we did before.
So I'm going to say this is going to be a flash request and it will drive from n as fetch request.
It will ask me for an entity name not entity but entity name.
Yeah.
Like this.
So paintings and we're gonna have to add and as fh requests a result in here.
So far so good we know how it's done right.
Next thing we're going to just fashion is using context.
But before we go on and do that I'm going to say this return objects as false is false as usual.
And before we do that I'm going to add the predicate that I have been talking about.
So I want to filter out the results so that it will only include the I.D. that has the selected I.D..
So let's convert this chosen paintings I.D. to a string because we're going to need this into predicates.
Okay.
And in order to add this predicate you will just say fetch your request that predicate and it will ask
you for.
And then this predicate.
And if you write this predicate as you can see this is the logical conditions used to constrain a search.
So re going to do a fetch and in this fetch regrowing to just add some logical constraints so that our
results will be filtered accordingly.
And in order to do that we going to open up parentheses and just see the parameters that that are being
asked for us.
And it's kind of different than what we have seen before it's kind of regular expressions if you have
worked one with before.
So let me show you what I mean.
We want this format I think we're just going to explain it a format and we're just going to give some
arguments.
So for format I'm just going to say so.
Name will be this I.D. will be this okay.
Like that.
So you have to say I.D. equals 2 percent and that's percent and adds.
So it means that I.D. will be equal to something and something will be written in these arguments for
example I.D. trick.
So it basically means that find I.D. being equal to I.D. trick for example you can do this for anything
like you can just go for a name being equal to name string or chosen painting like this name being equal
to the chosen painting.
Okay.
And this will work too but if we have the same name for two different arts then it wouldn't it wouldn't
work because it would get confused rather than doing this we're just going to do that with I.D..
Okay.
And that's it.
That's what we'll filter our results.
So if I do the FHA right now I will only get the results of the selected I.D..
So let's do that.
So remember what do we have to do we have to use the context and just say Fetch and will ask us for
a fact request and we will provide our factual quest remember it returns us.
It can throw an error.
So we will have to do do try catch.
So let me cut this and paste here we try.
OK.
Try and this will return us and NASA managers object a right.
Right.
So I'm going to just say let results try context not fetch.
And in fact this is not going to be an NASA managed object as I said it's going to be an any area.
Right.
Any object.
So I had to cast his as a. managed object array.
So I'm going to say if results that count is actually bigger than zero and it's in fact safety do that
I believe you me to to do this.
In the previous control.
Yep.
So we have tried to just go into the for loop.
I believe we should do that if results that count is actually bigger than zero then we have to go into
the for loop because results can actually be empty in here.
OK.
If there is not any recorded value in our app it means that the results cannot go into the for loop.
So it's actually safer to use this.
So if results that count is bigger than zero then I can just try to go into the for loop with casting
this as as managed object array so I'm going to do the same thing for resulting results as an as managed
object.
Okay.
And then I'm going to go into the for loop and you can say that we're just going to get one item why
are we even bothering doing that for a loop.
Because even though we have one or two or 1000 items the result will be given us within an array.
It doesn't matter.
It returns us at this context about Fischer returns us and and this managed object array.
So we have to do that.
We have to go into the loop anyway even though we have one we can do that as well a results zero.
But it won't be as safe as doing that.
So maybe we're working with Ida maybe there is it is it it is certain that we're just going to get one
item but I believe we should just stick on the for loop so we can do the same structure in all apps
so we can just say if let name results that value for key name is shrink as we did before.
Right.
So it's actually better to use consistent methods consistent functions during the app.
So name tags that tax is going to be name.
So this is what we have done before.
Let me copy and paste this.
And it's kind of distorted in here so let me make this right.
So rather than name I'm just going to go for artists this time.
OK so the key will be artist as well and this will be artist tax that taxed.
Yeah.
If I write everything from the scratch it will be much more easier I believe.
So let me just say it flat year is going to be resolved.
That value.
The key will be year as well not year yeah year and this will be an integer rather than string.
So this will be displayed in the year taxed that taxed and in fact we're just going to convert this
to be string again and maybe you can just say that if we're going to convert this to an integer and
to a string.
Why did we store it as an integer in the first place.
Yeah.
It doesn't make sense to start does into as an integer.
In this example but I just wanted to show you how to star an integer to call data.
So let's go for image data.
Remember we start our image as data.
So I'm going to chastise as data as well.
So first I'm going to get this as data not string not UI image not I don't think about data and then
I'm going to convert this to be a UI image and it's fairly easy to do that for four.
So far we have been doing this UI image thing and we have been selecting the named rather we just going
to go for data this time.
And I'm just going to paste in image data.
So this will take our data and convert into a UI image so that I can just come over and say image view
that image is going to be image.
OK so that's it.
That's hot.
How are we going to get the information related to our selected paintings.
So in the catch I will just print out some air okay.
And I don't think we have to do anything else.
We can just try this on our simulator and see if we can see the details.
And here we go.
We see the waterfall diving cheap and for the flower we see the mango.
Nineteen Hundred.
Yeah.
It seems to be working I believe.
That's good.
Of course we had to do some more improvements here as well.
For example we cannot delete those values.
And as you can see when I click on the ads it shows up as a default screen.
So it's it definitely works.
So when I tap on this I I shouldn't see the same bother I can see in here it doesn't matter but when
I click on the table view it shouldn't pop up here.
OK.
And I cannot delete this right now because I don't have this kind of functionality yet.
So I believe we should stop here and within the next pictures we are going to work on the improvements
and finish our app.